Add Java v2 Sagemaker pipeline example (#5186)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: javav2/usecases/workflow_sagemaker_pipes/Readme.md

> # Create and run a SageMaker geospatial pipeline using AWS SDK for Java V2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create and run a SageMaker geospatial pipeline using the SDK for Java V2
```

## Overview

This scenario demonstrates how to work with Amazon SageMaker pipelines and geospatial jobs.

A [SageMaker pipeline](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/pipelines.html) is a series of 
interconnected steps that can be used to automate machine learning workflows. You can create and run pipelines from SageMaker Studio by using Python, but you can also do this by using AWS SDKs in other
languages. Using the SDKs, you can create and run SageMaker pipelines and also monitor operations for them.

### Pipeline steps
This example pipeline includes an [AWS Lambda step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-lambda) 
and a [callback step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-callback). 
Both steps are processed by the same example Lambda function. 

This Lambda code is included as part of this example, with the following functionality:
- Starts the SageMaker Vector Enrichment Job with the provided job configuration.
- Starts the export function with the provided export configuration.

> - Processes Amazon SQS queue messages from the SageMaker pipeline. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Processes Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) messages from the SageMaker pipeline. 
```

* This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Scenario

### Prerequisites

To use this tutorial, you need the following:

+ An AWS account.
+ A Java IDE. 
+ Java 1.8 JDK or later.
+ Maven 3.6 or later.
+ Set up your development environment. For more information, see [Get started with the SDK for Java](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/setup-basics.html).

To view pipelines in SageMaker Studio, you need to [set up an Amazon SageMaker Domain](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/gs-studio-onboard.html).
To use geospatial capabilities, [you need to use a supported Region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial.html).

You must download and use these files to successfully run this code example:

+ GeoSpatialPipeline.json
+ SageMakerLambda.zip
+ latlongtest.csv

> The Github location where you can locate these files is [AWS SDK for .NET](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/dotnetv3/SageMaker/Scenarios).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are located on GitHub in [AWS SDK for .NET](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/dotnetv3/SageMaker/Scenarios).
```
